Add node restart fix under "Known issues" (#33)
openebs/mayastor-docs: quickstart/known-issues.md

When rebooting a node that runs applications mounting Mayastor volumes, this can take tens of minutes. The reason is the long default NVMe controller timeout \(`ctrl_loss_tmo`\). The solution is to follow the best k8s practices and cordon the node ensuring there aren't any application pods running on it before the reboot. Setting `ioTimeout` storage class parameter can be used to fine-tune the timeout.

### Node restarts on scheduling an application 

> Deploying an application on a K8s environment which hosts Mayastor along with Prometheus exporter causes the application node to restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying an application pod on a worker node which hosts both Mayastor and Prometheus exporter causes that node to restart.
```

Author: Updated the text with suggested changes. -https://github.com/openebs/mayastor-docs/pull/33/commits/c72cbcc18b4ea4b119722bf3e814913e98ef9be4

The issue originated because of a kernel bug. Once the nexus disconnects, the entries under `/host/sys/class/hwmon/` should get removed, which does not happen in this case(The issue was fixed via this [kernel patch](https://www.mail-archive.com/linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org/msg2413147.html)).

> **Fix:** Since the issue got fixed in the next kernel version, i.e, `linux-modules-extra-5.13.0-22-generic`, upgrading ubuntu-based OS kernel to >= extra-5.13.0 should fix node restarts issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fix:** Use kernel version extra-5.31.0 or later if deploying Mayastor in conjunction with the Prometheus metrics exporter.
```

Author: Updated the text with suggested changes. -https://github.com/openebs/mayastor-docs/pull/33/commits/c72cbcc18b4ea4b119722bf3e814913e98ef9be4
